
Requirement 1: Paddles / Players / Walls (30%)

    There needs to be a paddle on each side that can move independently to the other.
    The ball needs to bounce off of the paddles.
    The paddles should not be able to go off the top or bottom of the screen.
    Both players should be allowed to use the keyboard. For instance, player 1 could use the W and S keys, while player 2 would use the Up and Down arrows.
    All objects in your scene must be textured.
    The ball needs to bounce off the top and bottom of the screen.

Requirement 2: Single-Player Switch (25%)

    If the player presses the t-key, one of the paddles should switch from player-controlled to a simple up-and-down motion. In other words, we are simulating the player switching from 2-player mode to 1-player mode. Make sure that the user can't use their keys to move the paddle when in 1-player mode.

Requirement 3: Have an option to choose number of balls (30%)

    Allow the player to press number keys from 1-3 and generate that number of balls on the screen (do NOT generate more than 3 balls). Player should be able to change the number of balls any time during the game.
    HINT: Generate every object that could be on the screen at any given time, but any object that isn't currently being used should not be rendered nor updated.

Requirement 4: Game Over (15%)

    The game should stop when someone wins or loses (i.e. when the ball hits a wall on the left or right).

Tips

    To keep things simple, I'd recommend using box-to-box collision detection only.
    Work object by object, mechanic by mechanic, and test often. This goes for all programming, but if you try finishing all objects in one go, you are bound to miss something that have a hard time finding it.

Extra Credit

    Have fun with it and have a theme. Instead of square paddles and a ball, have other kinds of objects/images with the same mechanics. It doesn't need to be super polished; anything that looks fun is welcome.

    Have an endgame UI message. When someone wins, you can show an image of text saying who won.
